# svndumptransformer
Transform SVN dump files - rename contents.

This tool can replace both paths (i.e. file and directory names) as well as content. It is thus suitable to rename a product including all classes in a source code (the references to the classes would be renamed, too, of course).

# Usage
    java -jar co.codewizards.svndumptransformer-1.0.jar INPUTFILE OUTPUTFILE REPLACEMENTS

### INPUTFILE
The SVN dump file to be read (generated by 'svnadmin dump'). Relative or absolute path.

### OUTPUTFILE
The destination file into which the transformed dump is written. Relative or absolute path.

### REPLACEMENTS
Pairs of strings to be replaced. Each 1st value is a string to be searched and replaced by the corresponding 2nd value. This is case-sensitive!

The replacement-pairs are applied in the same order in which they're specified here.

## Example
    java -jar co.codewizards.svndumptransformer-1.0.jar oldproduct.svndump newproduct.svndump OldProduct NewProduct oldProduct newProduct "old product" "new product"

This would read the file named 'oldproduct.svndump' and write the file 'newproduct.svndump' in the current directory. It would search for occurrences of 'OldProduct', 'oldProduct' and 'old product'. They would be replaced by 'NewProduct', 'newProduct' and 'new product' respectively.

# Download

[co.codewizards.svndumptransformer-1.0.jar](https://github.com/nlmarco/svndumptransformer/blob/master/release/co.codewizards.svndumptransformer-1.0.jar?raw=true) (2015-09-26)

...or simply clone this repository and compile it yourself ;-)

# Complete workflow

First, you have to generate an SVN dump using the following command:

    svnadmin dump /path/to/myrepository > /tmp/myrepository.svndump

You can then process the generated file with this tool:

    java -jar co.codewizards.svndumptransformer-1.0.jar /tmp/myrepository.svndump /tmp/newrepo.svndump AAA BBB aaa bbb

... and finally, you create a new repository:

    svnadmin create /path/to/newrepo

... and import the transformed SVN dump:

    svnadmin load /path/to/newrepo < /tmp/newrepo.svndump
